Answer: First let me be clear where I’m coming from: I like Lisp macros a lot.​.​.​
Quora
Stories from your activity
Considering that Lisp had macros in 1963, what is the excuse for "modern" languages not having macros in 2016?
Bob Kerns
Bob Kerns, Programmer and language developer for 48 years
Written Jul 6, 2016
First let me be clear where I’m coming from: I like Lisp macros a lot. In fact, 24 years ago next month, I met my wife teaching a class on Lisp macros.

But I want to dispel ...

 Read More »
What are exactly macros in Microsoft Excel?
Jeffie John
Jeffie John, loves macros, written quite a lot of them!
Written Jan 9, 2017
Macro is program or a code which resides within the Excel file, which can be used to automate a lot of tasks in Excel. Even though macros are mainly associated with Microso...

 Read More »
What is Python, and what is its use?
Anirudh Sharma
Anirudh Sharma, Exploring Data Science
Written Apr 10
Python is a high level, dynamically typed, object-oriented programming language.

A high-level language is one with a much more user-friendly syntax. Instructions in high-lev...

 Read More »
What are Lisp Macros?
Jerry Jackson
Jerry Jackson, Developed Prolog compiler in CommonLisp for Harlequin Ltd.
Written May 3, 2017
I think people find it confusing when they hear all sorts of wonderful things about Lisp macros. Most programmers have some experience with macros, either in an application...

 Read More »
How can people who don't have Python installed run Python programs?
Tony Flury
Tony Flury, Python s/w developer since 2011 - published since 2015
Written May 25, 2017
They don’t.

The only way (in theory) that it might work is if the Python program is bundled with py2exe (FrontPage - py2exe-org) which bundles a Python program into a window...

 Read More »
Why is SQL in such high demand when I can use Excel and do half of the work, and never have to enter code again? I can literally write a macro and have a button.
Al Klein
Al Klein, 46 years of hardware and software development - retired
Written Oct 9, 2017
First, a macro is code. It’s not PHP or Java, it’s VBA, but VBA is a programming language, and a macro is code.

(And you can use Access to Generate the SQL queries you need ...

 Read More »
How are Python lists implemented internally?
Adrien Lucas Ecoffet
Adrien Lucas Ecoffet, MS Computer Science, Georgia Institute of Technology (2018)
Updated Nov 6, 2015
Contrary to what their name implies, Python lists are actually arrays, a fact that never ceases to annoy me (I don't like misleading names). Specifically, they are dynamic ... Read More »
How does Python work with types?
R. Drew Davis
R. Drew Davis, I've become a big fan of Python for getting things done.
Written Oct 16, 2016
The key thing to know about Python types is that every value in Python has a well-defined type, but variables are just names for values. if you assign an integer value to a...

 Read More »
How do functions work in Python?
Arpan Murmu
Arpan Murmu, works at Student Only
Written Nov 1, 2017

Writing user-defined functions in Python. ... Step 1: Declare the function with the keyword def followed by the function name. Step 2: Write the arguments inside the openin...

 Read More »
Which is better, PHP or Python? Why?
Andrey Grygoryev
Andrey Grygoryev, Python fan
Written May 20, 2012
I'm working with a PHP few years and was very sad because PHP was my every day pain. After I moved from PHP to Python more that 2 years ago I can say what do I think about ... Read More »
 
Search More on Quora